Yaron's review (#68)
tlswg/dtls-rrc: draft-ietf-tls-dtls-rrc.md

This is done in order to give the receiving endpoint confidence
that the sending peer is in fact reachable at the source address (and port) indicated in the received datagram.

{{regular}} of this document explains the fundamental mechanism that aims to reduce the DDoS attack surface.
Additionally, in {{enhanced}}, a more advanced address validation mechanism is discussed.

> This mechanism is designed to counteract off-path attackers who try to place themselves on-path by racing packets that trigger address rebinding at the receiver.

Reviewer: Just as proposal:

`s/who try/trying/`

Author: done in [c91df60](https://github.com/tlswg/dtls-rrc/pull/68/commits/c91df609f8a94508ec783d21099b99b78c385e17)

> This mechanism is designed to counteract off-path attackers who try to place themselves on-path by racing packets that trigger address rebinding at the receiver.

Author: ```suggestion
This mechanism is designed to counteract off-path attackers trying to place themselves on-path by racing packets that trigger address rebinding at the receiver.
```
